======================================
Pyzo distro End User License Agreement
======================================

Pyzo distro ("the Software Product") and accompanying documentation is
licensed and not sold. The Software Product is protected by copyright
laws and treaties, as well as laws and treaties related to other forms
of intellectual property. Science Applied v.o.f. or its subsidiaries,
affiliates, and suppliers (collectively "Science Applied") own
intellectual property rights in the Software Product. The Licensee's
("you" or "your") license to download, use, copy, or change the Software
Product is subject to these rights and to all the terms and conditions
of this End User License Agreement ("Agreement").

The Software Product contains a collection of software packages from
other sources ("Other Vendor Tools"). These are available on an “as is”
basis and subject to their individual license agreements. These licenses
are available either in the package itself or via request to
info@science-applied.nl. Science Applied reserves the right to change
which Other Vendor Tools are provided in the Software Product.

Redistribution and use of Pyzo distro, with or without modification,
in source or binary form is explicitly permitted provided that:
  * You include a copy of this EULA in all copies of the derived
    software
  * It is not in any way sold as a commercial product, either on a
    standalone basis or as a component of an application or software
    package.
  * In all advertising material you mention that your product either
    includes or derives from Pyzo distro.


THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR
CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

